fit-content: explain browser computation (#39730)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/fit-content/index.md

The **`fit-content`** keyword is equivalent to {{cssxref("fit-content_function", "fit-content(stretch)")}}. In practice, this means that the box will use the available space, but never more than {{cssxref("max-content")}}.

> It calculates the size using the below equation:
> 
> fit-content size = min(max-content,max(min-content,available-space))

Reviewer: We need to explaine what available space is, as it's not a variable, so maybe updating to something like:

```suggestion
The `fit-content` size is calculated using the following equation, where `<available-space>` is the inline or block size of the element:

`min(max-content, max(min-content, <available-space>))`
```
but actually being precise as to what available space means (i just made the above up without looking at the spec. I might be right, but likely not ;) )

> fit-content size = min(max-content,max(min-content,available-space))

Author: > We need to explaine what available space is, as it's not a variable, so maybe updating to something like:
> 
> but actually being precise as to what available space means (i just made up "is the inline or block size of the element" without looking at the spec. I might be right, but likely not ;) )

The available space means the space it has been given by its parent or grid track in grid layout.
